This guide works on a Mac
This guide is specific for CAN-BUS Connection from a Raspberry Pi to Super Pro 8

IMPORTANT:
      - This firmware is configured for CAN communication.
      - Your CAN wiring and interface must be correctly set up.
      - Otherwise, Klipper will not connect to the MCU after flashing.



Now after the raspberry-pi-setup 

IMPORTANT:
After inserting the SD card and powering on the Raspberry Pi for the first time:
      DO NOT remove power during the initial boot.
      The system performs setup and filesystem expansion.
      Interrupting this can corrupt the SD card.

Place the sd card into your raspberry
Turn your VzBot on wait for boot.
Once login screen appears on your VzBot screen
Open a terminal in your mac (cmd+spacebar type: terminal and hit enter)
Paste into terminal: (you can replace vzbot330.local with your ip address too)
                     (assuming you have used pi as username and vzbot330 as hostname)

ssh pi@vzbot330.local

Note: if you get something like WARNING: REMOTE HOST IDENTIFICATION HAS CHANGED!
      - Then just paste into the terminal
      ssh-keygen -R vzbot330.local
      - Then type yes and that’s it

Type your password and type yes when prompted
Once you see pi@vzbot330:~ $  (your are logged into your VzBot)
Paste and run the following commands one by one: (if promted to type yes do so)

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt-get upgrade

cd ~/klipper/

Note: make clean is not required for a first build. However, ALWAYS run it if:
      - you change microcontroller settings
      - you switch communication type (USB/CAN)
      - you are reflashing after a failed attempt
      It removes previous build artifacts and prevents hard-to-debug issues.

make clean 

make menuconfig

Once here move with your keyboard arrows:
On the top press right or spacebar. (Extra low-level configuration)
Micro-controller:       (STM32) (Check your Super Pro 8 Processor letters)
Processor model:        (STM32H723) (Check your Super Pro 8 Processor letters)
Clock Reference:        (25Mhz)
Communication interface (CAN bus PB8/PB9)
CAN bus Speed:          (1000000) 
GPIO:                   (!PF8)  (Specific to FLY Super Pro 8 H723 configuration)

Note: This value depends on the board configuration and should match the VzBot / Super Pro 8 reference setup.
      Do not change unless you know your board pin mapping.

Now press Q and then Y

Paste into your terminal: 

make

Once finished. Now we are going to get the file from our pi (klipper.bin) to flash the 
Super Pro 8 board. (Use cd to navigate back main folder or cd klipper into a folder)
In the terminal paste: (ls is for listing files in folder)

ls ~/klipper/out/

And you should see (klipper.bin)
Then paste into the terminal:

realpath ~/klipper/out/klipper.bin

Which should give you this:
/home/pi/klipper/out/klipper.bin

Now open a NEW terminal window on your Mac (do NOT connect via SSH)
Paste into your new terminal:

scp pi@vzbot330.local:/home/pi/klipper/out/klipper.bin ~/Desktop/

Now it will ask you for your pi password you have setup earlier. 
It will start downloading the file to your mac.
Once you have your klipper.bin file in your desktop rename it exactly to: 
firmware.bin
You will need an additional formated MicroSD card for this.
Then copy or paste the file it into the formated MicroSD card a small one even 
1gb will work (FAT 32 Format)

Now from your SSH terminal paste this:

sudo shutdown -h now

This will shut down your raspberry pi before switching of the printer power toggle.
Always shutdown your pi before turning the power off! 
This avoids hard shutdowns which cause major issues in the long run.

Now with the pi shutdown, power off the printer. 

IMPORTANT:
     Always power OFF the printer before inserting or removing the SD card from the Super Pro 8 board.
     Failure to do so can:
     - corrupt the SD card
     - interrupt flashing
     - damage the board in rare cases

I recomend to unplug your raspberry pi power cable, as for the flash its faster and 
safer.
Plug the MicroSD card with the firmware.bin file into your Super Pro 8 Board. 
Power on the printer and wait. The flash is probably done in a couple of seconds but 
just wait a minute or two.
Once you switched your printer off again take the MicroSD card and remove it from 
your Super Pro 8 board. You can plug in the power cable of the pi back in. 
At your computer, check the content of the card, it should say FLY.CUR if the flash 
was successful.

Next step is setting your Pi as a secondary MCU
In your terminal in ssh paste one by one these:

cd ~/klipper/

sudo cp ./scripts/klipper-mcu.service /etc/systemd/system/

sudo systemctl enable klipper-mcu.service

cd ~/klipper/

make menuconfig

Here choose:
Micro-controller:   (Linux process)
GPIO:               Remove (!PF8)

Press Q and Y

 Now paste one by one these:

sudo service klipper stop

make flash

sudo service klipper start
